work through problems

choose a problem to solve and solve it, make that your sole objective for the "session"

if you don't have a problem to solve, add something new

one thing at a time

but never less


i've basically given up on this project, as the visual (web-like) majority of it is taking away any desire to work on it.
My plan now is to research on job specific skills and requirements, while making some fun stuff in random languages. JUST FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP STOPPING
YOU CAN HAVE ANY LANGUAGE YOU FEEL LIKE, JUST RESEARCH A THEME AND GO WITH IT
C, C++, C#, JAVA, PYTHON, WHATEVER

e tambem tenho urgentemente de fazer o meu currículo e criar um perfil profissional para caso necessário.



11/11
i think university might be starting to sound like a good option. I'm looking into internships, and frankly they're suprisingly easy on the requirements (i mean, i looked at an engineering internship at google and it didn't seem that bad), but while that's going on, i want to think about college. Just as a start, i want to look into colleges in the area, seeing as going abroad isn't really an option right now. From what i've gathered, i would be able to obtain new confidence with new things to show for if i went on with these 2 ideas.
I've gotten a few "job" websites but am honestly scared of going in there. I don't know how much is needed and my experience with searching hasn't led me anywhere positive.
What i've noticed also is that within this "programming" or "tech" world there seems to be a much larger spectrum of possibilities than I've priveously thought.
I should probably look into, not only what area might seem interesting (fuck web development(?))(like how I've gathered software developer and software enginner, there are a lot more names (job names/positions) that go into what I believe I'd enjoy), but also how to get there, both in knowledge and, how do you say, garanties. As in, things to show you know what you're talking about.

For now, check out colleges and what's around me.   COLLEGES IN AREA & POSITION DESCRIPTIONS (not jobs, positions)

				also internships, yea, those sound cool since the current me is so ignorant
